EVM PA Documentation Update (#387)
anoma/nspec: docs/arch/integrations/adapters/evm/index.md

---
icon: material/devices
search:
  exclude: false
  boost: 2
tags:
  - index
  - evm
  - resource-machine
  - protocol-adapter
---

# Ethereum Virtual Machine Protocol Adapter

> The Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) protocol adapter is a smart contract written in [Solidity](https://soliditylang.org/) that can be deployed to EVM compatible chains and roll-ups to connect them to the Anoma protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) protocol adapter is a smart contract written in [Solidity](https://soliditylang.org/) that can be deployed to any EVM-compatible chain in order to allow it to support Anoma applications.
```
